Update path.md for tabbed examples (#1088)
RedisJSON/RedisJSON: docs/docs/path.md

> JSON.NUMINCRBY "bikes:inventory" $..price 100
"[1920,2072,3264,1475,3941]"
{{ /clients-example }}

You can use filter expressions to update only JSON elements that match certain conditions. JSONPath queries also work with other JSON commands that accept a path as an argument. The following example adds a new color option for bikes that cost less thatn 2,000. Note that it will also only apply to bikes that already have a color list as `JSON.ARRAPPEND` will not create the colors field for the other entries.

{{< clients-example json_tutorial update_filters >}}
> JSON.ARRAPPEND "bikes:inventory" $.inventory.*[?(@.price<2000)].colors '"pink"'
1) (integer) 3
2) (integer) 3
> JSON.GET "bikes:inventory" $..[*].colors
"[[\"black\",\"silver\",\"pink\"],[\"black\",\"white\"],[\"black\",\"silver\",\"pink\"]]"
{{ /clients-example }}

## Legacy path syntax

RedisJSON v1 had the following path implementation. JSON v2 still supports this legacy path in addition to JSONPath.

Paths always begin at the root of a Redis JSON value. The root is denoted by a period character (`.`). For paths that reference the root's children, it is optional to prefix the path with the root.

> Redis JSON supports both dot notation and bracket notation for object key access. The following paths refer to _mountain bikes_, which is a child of _inventory_ under the root:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis JSON supports both dot notation and bracket notation for object key access. The following paths refer to 'mountain bikes', which is a child of 'inventory' under the root:
```
